Track Your Package:

How to track your package

Go to Your Orders.
Find the order you want to track.
Select Track Package next to your order.
View all updates to track delivery progress.
If there are many items in your order, each may have separate delivery dates and tracking info.

Find a missing item from your package:

If you have received a shipping package that's missing an entire item, it may have been shipped separately. Check Your Orders.
Find a missing item shipped by us

If you received your shipping package and an entire item shipped by us is missing, do the following:

Go to Your Orders and check if the missing item is in another shipment.
Select Track Package to find the delivery date for the shipment.
If there is no tracking information for the missing item, Customer Service will assist you according your status, for example we can give you a refund or replacement if its the case.

Part of an item is missing:

Double check to confirm that the part is missing from the product packaging. If you can’t find it, contact the product's manufacturer for assistance.
Manufacturer contact information can be found on the product packaging, in the paperwork included with the product, or by searching the Internet.
If you can't find contact information, or if they can't help, you can return the item. Go to Your Orders and select Return or Replace Items.

Entire shipping package is missing:

1 - Confirm shipping address in Your Orders
Verify if your shipping address in Your Orders is correct. For more information on how to handle a wrong shipping address, go to Add and Manage Addresses.
2 - Look for a notice of delivery attempt
Check the Message Center.
Look for a delivery confirmation in Your Orders.
Check your mailbox or wherever else you receive mail.
3 - Check around the delivery location
Check your delivery instructions in Your Addresses. The package could have been left where you requested.
4 - Ask your household members and neighbors`
Check if someone else accepted the delivery.
5 - Wait 48 hours for the package to be delivered
Packages may be mistakenly scanned as delivered up to 48 hours before arrival.
6 - You can check with the carrier
The carrier may have more information about the location of the package. To track your package on the carrier website or contact them, go to Carrier Contact Information.

Carrier Contact Information:

We work with the following carriers to deliver items. If you have an issue with your delivery, you can contact the carriers directly.
1 - Find your carrier
Visit Your Orders.
Select Track Package.
Find your carrier name and tracking ID.
2 - When to contact a carrier
If you cannot find a package that shows as delivered in Your Orders.
If your package will be delivered by another carrier than us and you need to provide delivery instructions. Only we can view the delivery instructions in Your Orders.
3 - Tracking your package on the carrier’s website
Some national carriers use regional carriers to deliver your package. When this happens, your tracking information might not be accurate on the national carrier website.

Missing Tracking Information:

Reasons why your tracking information is not available:
Your package has not been scanned by the carrier. Issues like this can happen when shipping volume is high and packages are processed in bulk. Until this first scan, the carrier may not acknowledge receipt of the package.
There may be a delay in updates to the tracking database.
Some shipments, such as Standard International shipments, aren't trackable.
Marketplace sellers don't always provide us with tracking information for their orders.
The order is a gift. You will receive a gift receipt once the order is delivered. Until that time, the gift purchaser will receive the tracking updates.

Orders Sold and Fulfilled by us:
A tracking number may not be on your order yet because it could still be on the way to the carrier. When the carrier scans your order the first time, you will have tracking details in Your Orders.
If no tracking is available and you need to return or exchange your order, wait for the estimated delivery date to pass. You'll be able to return or replace your order According our refund and return policy

Undeliverable Packages:

Check if your package was undeliverable:
Go to Your Orders
Select Track Package
If the package shows as undeliverable, we will process a return and refund where applicable.
Generally, refunds for undeliverable shipments for items sold and fulfilled by us, are issued within 5 business days. If you have not received your refund after this time, please contact us.
We can't re-send orders that carriers return to us as undeliverable. If you still want to purchase items that were undeliverable, place a new order on our website by selecting the item from Your Orders.

Late Deliveries:
Confirm the estimated delivery date and track your order
Confirm the estimated delivery date and track your order
Visit Your Orders and select Track Package to view the latest status of your delivery.
Your progress tracker contains the most updated information about your order. If your order is being delivered by a third-party carrier, you can also find updates on the carrier’s platform. Find the details on Carrier Contact Information.

Check your inbox for updates:

You may have received an update from us or the carrier delivering your package. Don’t forget to check your spam folder.
Confirm your shipping address
Are your address details up to date? Confirm this in Your Addresses.
Find more information on Add and Manage Addresses.
Wait 48 hours to allow for unexpected delays
If your order didn’t arrive, you can check with the carrier. The carrier may have more information.
What to do after 48 hours
If you cannot locate your package with this guidance, we recommend the following:
Contact Customer Service within 30 days of expected delivery if your order was shipped by us.

How Refunds Are Issued:
Most refunds are issued based on the payment method used at the time of purchase.
Checking the Status of Your Refund
You can check the status of your refund by:
Checking Your Orders
Checking your Transactions page to review your payments and refunds with us
Checking your Gift Card balance page, for refunds issued as Gift Card balance
Banks can take 2-10 business days to settle your refund after its processes. Please reach out to them directly for those cases.
Refund Timelines
It may take 1-5 business days after we receive the item(s) to process your return. Once we have, we'll email you to let you know that we have processed your return. If we haven't let you know, we haven't received or processed your return yet.
global store items can take up to 5-7 days to reach us once you ship them. The amount will be refunded in AUD, and is according to the conversion rate at the time the refund was issued.

About Our Returns Policies
Use this page to learn more about the change of mind return policy that applies to items fulfilled by our store in Australia and global store. To learn more about change of mind returns for items sold and fulfilled by third-party sellers please see Third-Party Seller Returns & Refunds. To learn more about change of mind returns for our global store, please see our Global Store Returns and Global Store Refunds policies. Our return policies do not limit other rights and remedies you may have under law such as the Australian Consumer Law, including in respect of faulty items.

1. Conditions applying to change of mind returns        
Unless otherwise stated in this Change of Mind Return Policy, all items being returned for change of mind must be returned in the same condition in which you received the item. This means that, for change of mind returns:
New items must be returned unused, undamaged and unworn;
Items sold in Used and Renewed condition must not have any additional signs of use or damage;
All items must not be damaged, missing parts or in unsellable condition because of customer negligence, misuse or tampering;
All items must not have been resized, damaged or otherwise altered after delivery;
Packaging must be unopened and seals intact (where applicable), except for fashion items, which can be opened; see Clothing, Jewellery, Shoes and Watches section; and
All packaging and documentation (e.g. boxes, manuals, warranty cards, certificates of authenticity etc.) must be included with the item being returned for change of mind.  

2. Shipping for change of mind returns       
 For change of mind returns of item(s): 
 To determine whether your item is eligible for Free Returns, look for the "Free Returns" messaging next to the price on the detail page of an item. The Free Returns policy provides information on items eligible for Free Returns and instructions on how to ship these eligible items back to us. Please note that for change of mind returns,  original shipping fees will not be refunded.  
If your item is not eligible for Free Returns, you are responsible for any return shipping costs. If your item is returned using a pre-paid return option, a return shipping fee will be deducted from your refund amount . For Large items, a $50 return shipping fee will be charged for change of mind returns. Please see below for more information on returning Large Items. 

3. Change of mind returns for specific categories 
For change of mind returns in specific product categories, the following conditions apply: 
a- Large Items         
For select Large Items, where the order was fulfilled by us the order is returned from an address in metro Sydney, Melbourne or Brisbane, we will provide you with a pre-paid shipping label for a home pick up and a $50 return shipping fee will be deducted from any refund for change of mind.
For other Large Items fulfilled by us and not covered by 3(a) above, we will provide a self-ship return label, but you are responsible for arranging a self-ship return and paying the return shipping cost upfront directly to your carrier of choice. You can contact our customer service to present the receipt and we will refund you the return shipping costs minus a return fee of $50.
Change of mind returns for Large Items must be initiated within 30 days of delivery to be eligible for change of mind.

b - Baby Items
Change of mind returns of baby items fulfilled by us will qualify for Free Returns shipping if the product detail page includes "Free Returns" messaging.  
Most baby items fulfilled by us can be returned for change of mind within 90 days of delivery, unless they are non-returnable items. Note: All baby items, including breast pumps returned for change of mind must be unused in their original condition with the factory seal and packaging intact.    

c - Clothing, Jewellery, Shoes, and Watches 
Change of mind returns will be accepted for Clothing, Jewellery, Shoes and Watches where the packaging has been opened provided that all other conditions in the Change of Mind Returns policy are met. For example, all items must be unused, undamaged and unworn to be eligible for a change of mind return.
we offers Free Returns shipping on eligible fashion items (clothing, shoes, watches and accessories) fulfilled by us. Look for "Free Returns" messaging next to the price on the detail page to confirm eligibility. Eligible items are to be returned for change of mind within 30 days of receipt of delivery. 

f - Non-returnable Items         
Certain items (such as hazardous materials, food, grocery items and pet food) are not returnable to our warehouse . A full list of non-returnable items is available here:
Items classified as hazardous materials or use flammable liquids or gases
Any product missing the serial number or universal product code (UPC)
Downloadable software products and Digital Video Games
Online subscriptions after they have been accessed
Gift cards (except as required by law)
Some jewellery orders
Some health and personal care items (for example, where packaging, seal or hygiene strip have been broken or tampered with) (e.g. COVID-19 Rapid Antigen Tests)
Food and grocery products
Open software

Check the Status of Your Refund:
Go to Your Orders in Your Account.
Click View Order Details next to the order.
Note: The refund status is displayed at the bottom of the Order Summary. For more information about our refund policies, go to our help page about Refunds.

Faulty Items and Australian Consumer Law
If an item purchased from us in Australia is faulty, any related return and refund rights we offer you will apply in addition to, and do not limit, other rights and remedies you may have under law, including under the Australian Consumer Law.
If you identify a faulty item:

within the relevant return window for that item, you can return the item to us using the Online Returns Centre; or
outside the return window for that item please contact us as you may still be entitled to a refund, replacement (where available) or repair.
Where possible, please notify us of faulty items using the Online Returns Centre or by contacting us within 30 days from receipt of delivery.
Faulty items do not have to be returned in their original packaging, but must be packaged appropriately to avoid damage during the return shipping process.
Factors such as age, price, the item's condition and the disclosures made about the item may be relevant to your return and refund rights under the Australian Consumer Law. The Australian Consumer Law also applies to used and refurbished items.

Accepted Payment Methods:
The following payment methods are available for use on our website:
Credit Cards and Debit Cards
MasterCard 
American Express 
UnionPay (credit cards and AU issued debit cards)   
Visa 
Pay at Your Pace with Zip 
Gift Cards4

Unknown Charges:
Important: Don't send your credit card number via e-mail, as this isn't a secure transmission method.
Your complete order history is available in Your Orders. If you don't recognise a charge, consider the following common scenarios:
Order split into separate deliveries:
You were charged smaller amounts for each delivery. Go to Transactions to check the exact amount charged for each delivery. For more information, go to Multiple Charges for the Same Order.
Order placed by someone else:
Check if your child, spouse, friend, or co-worker with access to your card number have placed an order at our platform.

If the charge is not explained by any of these situations, please contact us by phone and have the following information available:
Complete credit card number for any cards associated with the account showing the charge (don't send this by e-mail).
Date of charge.
Amount of charge.
Your name, e-mail address, and phone number.